Data science acts as a way of creating, extracting, and manipulating data. It benefits us as a resource to answer significant questions in our respective fields. Data scientists also focus on interdisciplinary methods such as AI, machine learning, statistics, and math.
Data science is the intersection of statistics, computer science, and a domain (business, healthcare, automotive). A good data scientist is required to have competency in all of these areas in order to efficiently conduct research, write programs, create presentations, and explain results to non-technical stakeholders. We also see data scientists responsible for things attributed to data analytics such as dashboard building, information visualization, and communication, arguably making data analytics a part of applied data science. More broadly, data science is the process of analyzing and finding patterns in data to derive useful insights and solve problems. Data science is multifaceted and can be described as a science, as a research paradigm, as a research method, as a discipline, as a workflow, and as a profession.
The purpose of data science is to find useful insights into large data sets that can translate into practical solutions to real-world problems. To find these insights, data scientists use elements of statistics, mathematics, computer science, medicine, natural sciences, machine learning, and informatics. The field of data science is constantly evolving, so the responsibilities of a data scientist are always changing as well.
Data Science is an interdisciplinary field that combines statistics, computer science, and applied mathematics to facilitate the extraction, interpretation, and analysis of big data. Organizations typically point to data scientists in order to identify problems, gather and clean data, and conduct a thorough statistical analysis before providing valuable conclusions and solving critical problems. Data scientists use tools both old and new (SQL, Python, AI engines, etc.) as part of a constantly evolving discipline. Because of this, data science can be considered the “engine” behind an organization’s decision-making process, given the vital role it plays. In summary, the discipline aims to extract meaningful insights out of data. 
Data science refers to the interdisciplinary studies that integrate mathematics, statistical science, computer science, and other skills to discover and understand the patterns underlying massive information. Furthermore, data scientists can extract meaningful insights, back up decisions and make predictions based on the patterns discovered. 
It is a field of science that uses data and applies statistics, programming, analytics, machine learning and many other techniques to solve practical problems
Data science combines concepts from statistics and computer science to gain insights to a problem or situation. Data scientists use various techniques to build upon their domain knowledge and produce new information. The process involves preparing data, conducting exploratory data analysis, building models, and evaluating model performance. Data Science is using computing tools like programming languages or visualization software to analyze and learn something from quantitative and/or qualitative information. Much of the field involves using math and statistics to draw insights from data, often utilizing computing tools to do so. The insights are then communicated to particular audiences or stakeholders who would find that information useful. Data science combines concepts from math, statistics, and computer science to gain insights to a problem or situation. Data scientists use various techniques to build upon their domain knowledge and produce new information. The process involves preparing data, conducting exploratory data analysis, building models, evaluating model performance, drawing insights, and presenting these insights to particular audiences or stakeholders that could use the information for their own purposes.
Data science is the study of data that uses statistical methods, scientific computing, algorithms, and machine learning to help extract meaningful information from large sets of data or information for the purpose of data manipulation and analysis.
In my own opinion, data science is the study where we learn insight of the data by doing data collecting, cleaning, analyzing, etc, so we can solve some practical problems. To be more insightful, statistics, mathematics, AI, CS and machine learning knowledge might be needed. Data science is a tool or technique to find and use patterns in the data. With the patterns, we can do tasks, including classification, regression, and so on. 
Data science is the technique that mines, preprocesses, manages data, and discovers the pattern or other hidden information behind it, to solve problems involving data and produce valuable conclusions using math, statistics and computer science knowledge.
Data science is the science of data. Data science is a science that focuses on using data to seek answers, which could be approached by statistical methods, mathematical knowledge, computer science, etc., or a mix of them. Data science is a science that focuses on using data to seek answers, which could be approached by statistical methods, mathematical knowledge, computer science, etc., with a combination of domain knowledge.
Data science is a subject that uses statistics, calculations, and computing methods to identify and analyze data sets for specific purposes, then extracts some interesting insights from the data.


